What You'll Do

 Collaborate 

 Actively participate in team discussions with analysts, product owners, and other stakeholders to comprehend and transform functional and technical requirements into actionable tasks. 
 Aid in estimating the scope of development work for diverse projects and enhancements. 
 Collaborate with members within the software engineering team, embracing shared knowledge and fostering a spirit of cooperation. 
 Contribute to problem-solving sessions, brainstorming, and innovative solution design. 
 Offer insights from a fresh perspective, striving for continuous software and process improvement. 
 Demonstrate a genuine passion for software engineering. 

 Execute 

 Engage in the software development lifecycle, from initial design through to deployment, crafting reliable and efficient software solutions. 
 Develop, test, and refine software components using Java and other relevant tools, always focusing on maintainability and scalability. 
 Collaborate closely with the QA team to ensure thorough testing and quality assurance for all developed features. 
 Troubleshoot and rectify software issues as they arise, ensuring optimal system performance and user satisfaction. 
 Participate in code reviews, learning from peers and ensuring consistent code quality. 
 Stay updated with emerging technologies and industry best practices, ensuring your skills remain sharp and relevant. 
 Adhere to best practices in software development, contributing to a culture of excellence. 

Qualifications

 Bachelor's degree in a related discipline, (Computer Science, Software Engineering, etc.). The right candidate could also have a different combination, such as 2+ years' experience in a related field. 
 Knowledge of Java, JavaScript and JavaScript libraries, HTML, and CSS. 
 Basic understanding of RESTful APIs 
 Problem-solving and critical-thinking skills 
 Commitment to delivering high-quality code, and a dedication to your craft. 

Nice To Have

 Experience with version control systems (Git). 
 Familiarity with testing frameworks. 
 Familiarity with SQL 
 Familiarity with Java/Spring/SpringBoot 
 Familiarity with Azure 
 Familiarity with Javascript. 

USD 72,200.00 - 108,200.00 per year

Compensation

Compensation includes a base salary of $72,200.00 - $108,200.00. The base salary may vary within the anticipated base pay range based on factors such as the ultimate location of the position and the selected candidate's knowledge, skills, and abilities. Position may be eligible for additional compensation that may include an incentive program.

Benefits

The Company offers eligible employees the flexibility to take as much vacation with pay as they deem consistent with their duties, the company's needs, and its obligations; seven paid holidays throughout the calendar year; and up to 160 hours of paid wellness annually for their own wellness or that of family members. Employees are also eligible for additional paid time off in the form of bereavement leave, time off to vote, jury duty leave, volunteer time off, military leave, and parental leave.

Applicants must currently be authorized to work in the United States for any employer without current or future sponsorship.

About Cox Automotive

At Cox Automotive, people of every background are driven by their passion for mobility, innovation and community. We transform the way the world buys, sells, owns and uses cars, accelerating the industry with global powerhouse brands like Autotrader, Kelley Blue Book, Manheim and more. What's more, we do it all with an emphasis on employee growth and happiness. Drive your future forward and join Cox Automotive today!

About Cox

Cox empowers employees to build a better future and has been doing so for over 120 years. With exciting investments and innovations across transportation, communications, cleantech and healthcare, our family of businesses - which includes Cox Automotive and Cox Communications - is forging a better future for us all. Ready to make your mark? Join us today!

Benefits of working at Cox may include health care insurance (medical, dental, vision), retirement planning (401(k)), and paid days off (sick leave, parental leave, flexible vacation/wellness days, and/or PTO). For more details on what benefits you may be offered, visit our benefits page .

Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law. Cox provides reasonable accommodations when requested by a qualified applicant or employee with disability, unless such accommodations would cause an undue hardship.

Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes